# Enhancements and Fixes

Date: 9-27-25

The following requests and fixes are proposed to improve the user experience and functionality of the application. Each item needs to be evaluated and designed thoroughly for implementation into the app. The implementation of each should then be planned.

## Notes

Remember that this app is still in active development with no active users or data. This means that significant changes can be made without worrying about breaking existing user workflows or data. However, it also means that we should be careful not to over-engineer solutions for problems that do not yet exist. The goal is to create a solid foundation that can be built upon as the app grows and evolves.

Also remember that you are the lead architect and developer of this app. You have the freedom to make decisions about the design and implementation of these features. However, it is important to consider the user experience and ensure that any changes made are intuitive and easy to use.

## Requests

- When creating a new file, there should be 2 options: "Quick Create" and "Create...". These should be available via a dropdown. In both file creation screens, there should also be a "Project" field to select which Project the file belongs to. This should default to the current Project if the user is currently viewing a specific Project, otherwise it should default to no Project selected but require selecting one.
  - "Quick Create" should create a new file with default settings and use the modal for adding specific details, metadata, contents, etc as currently works.
  - "Create..." should open a full-screen editor with the full markdown formatting and rendering options for contents, similar to the editor. It should also allow adding all other information, metadata, etc. This option should also allow creating a file from a template. Clicking the "Create..." button should have a dropdown to select a template to use. If no template is selected, it should use the default blank template. Until we add the template capability, this dropdown can just have a single option for "Blank" which is selected by default.
- The top nav bar should have a "New" button with a dropdown to select "New Project" or "New File". This should replace the current "New Project" button. The "New File" option should offer the same 2 options as above as nested sub-options: "Quick Create" and "Create...". When a user clicks the button within a Project, it should default the "Project" field to that Project but allow changing it. If it is clicked outside of a Project, it should default to no Project selected but require selecting one.
- The main dashboard should display a blank Project card at the end of the list of Projects with a "+" icon and "New Project" text. Clicking this card should open the "New Project" modal.
- The main dashboard should have a "Sort By" dropdown to sort Projects by different parameters. The default should be "Last Updated" with the most recently updated Projects at the top. Other options should include "Name (A-Z)", "Name (Z-A)", "Date Created (Newest First)", and "Date Created (Oldest First)".
- Project Groups should be more visible on the dashboard and within the various Project Views via a colored identifier. This should be on the Card on the Dashboard and as a tag within the Project View. The color should be customizable per Project Group.

## Additional

- Review the current design and implementation of the app and develop a set of your own recommendations for enhancements to improve the user experience and functionality. Then include the design and planned implementation of each accordingly, along with the above requests.
